disable_mlock must now be explicitly included in config (#29974)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/configuration/index.mdx

  the read cache used by the physical storage subsystem. This will very
  significantly impact performance.

> - `disable_mlock` `(bool: false)` – Required to be explicitly set

Reviewer: Could we also add a brief note describing the tradeoff in https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/concepts/production-hardening ? I think the exclusions in  https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/internals/security and the opt-in nature is sufficient, but curious if you think we should make a small change there too.

Author: Those are good callouts, thank you. I'll add something to production-hardening about the tradeoffs and read over the security model and let you know my thoughts.

Author: Hi @mickael-hc ! I have updated the production hardening section to describe the tradeoff between `disable_mlock` config options. I read over the threat model I believe that that this particular tradeoff would fall under the items that are _not_ part of the Vault threat model, right? If that's the case, we may want to call out  "inspecting swap" as explicitly not a part of our threat model. What do you think?

Reviewer: I agree, I think the production hardening guide (as you've already done) is sufficient here, thanks!

> - `disable_mlock` `(bool: <required>)` – Required to be explicitly set
>   if using integrated storage. Disables the server from executing the `mlock`
>   syscall. `mlock` prevents memory from  being swapped to disk.
>   Disabling `mlock` is not recommended unless using
>   [integrated storage](/vault/docs/internals/integrated-storage).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `disable_mlock` `(bool: <required>)` – Stops Vault from executing the `mlock`
  syscall. `mlock` prevents data swaps from memory to disk. You must set an
  explicit value for `disable_mlock` if you use
  [integrated storage](/vault/docs/internals/integrated-storage). We do not
  recommend disabling `mlock` for deployments that do not use integrated storage.
```

Style correction: write in active voice
